gh-103997: Remove incorrect statements about `-c` dedenting (#138624)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  (Contributed by Noah Kim and Adam Turner in :gh:`118655`.)

* The command-line option :option:`-c` now automatically dedents its code
  argument before execution. The auto-dedentation behavior only

>   supports spaces and tabs and does not normalize empty lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  argument before execution.
```

  (Contributed by Tomasz Pytel in :gh:`132329`.)

* The command-line option :option:`-c` now automatically dedents its code

>   argument before execution.

Reviewer 2: You can mention that this only affects code indented with spaces or tabs.

  (Contributed by Tomasz Pytel in :gh:`132329`.)

* The command-line option :option:`-c` now automatically dedents its code

>   argument before execution. Only supports spaces and tabs and doesn't
>   normalize empty lines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  argument before execution. The auto-dedentation behavior only
  supports spaces and tabs and does not normalize empty lines.
```
